Gigi Sayfan - Hands-On Microservices With Kubernetes_ Build, Deploy, And Manage Scalable Microservices On Kubernetes (2019, Packt Publishing) - libgen.li


1 Introduction to Kubernetes for Developers.
      This chapter will cover the following topics:
      Kubernetes in a nutshell
      The Kubernetes architecture
      Kubernetes and microservices
      Creating a local cluster
2 Getting Started with Microservices.
    We will cover a lot of material in this chapter:
      Programming in the small – less is more
      Making your microservice autonomous
      Employing interfaces and contracts
      Exposing your service via APIs
      Using client libraries
      Managing dependencies
      Orchestrating microservices
      Taking advantage of ownership
      Understanding Conway's law
      Troubleshooting across multiple services
      Utilizing shared service libraries
      Choosing a source control strategy
      Creating a data strategy
3 Delinkcious - the Sample Application.
      Technical requirements:
            Visual Studio Code
            GoLand
            LiteIDE
      Introducing the Delinkcious directory structure
      Introducing the Delinkcious microservices
            The object model
            The service implementation
            Implementing the support functions
            Invoking the API via a client library
      Storing data
4 Setting Up the CI/CD Pipeline.
      Technical requirements
      Options for the Delinkcious CI/CD pipeline
      Building your images with CircleCI
      Setting up continuous delivery for Delinkcious.
      
5 Configuring Microservices with Kubernetes.
      Managing configuration the old-fashioned way
      Managing configuration dynamically
      Configuring microservices with Kubernetes
            Working with Kubernetes ConfigMaps
                  Creating and managing ConfigMaps
                  Applying advanced configuration
            Kubernetes custom resources
            Service discovery

6 Securing Microservices on Kubernetes.

7 Talking to the World - APIs and Load Balancers.

8 Working with Stateful Services.

9 Running Serverless Tasks on Kubernetes.
      
10 Testing Microservices.
      
11 Deploying Microservices.
      
12 Monitoring, Logging, and Metrics.
      
13 Service Mesh - Working with Istio.
      
14 The Future of Microservices and Kubernetes.
      
